[OSDOCS#16946]: Make changes as per the errors and warnings for CQA-3 (#114731)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/storage-persistent-storage-iscsi-volume-security.adoc

[id="volume-security-iscsi_{context}"]
= iSCSI volume security

[role="_abstract"]

> You can request storage with a `PersistentVolumeClaim` object. This claim only lives in the user's namespace and can only be referenced by a pod within that same namespace. Any attempt to access a persistent volume claim across a namespace causes the pod to fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[role="_abstract"]
For security purposes, when you can request storage with a `PersistentVolumeClaim` object, the claim lives in the user's namespace only and can only be referenced by a pod within that same namespace. Any attempt to access a persistent volume claim across a namespace causes the pod to fail.
```

    iqn: iqn.2016-04.test.com:storage.target00
    lun: 0
    fsType: ext4
    chapAuthDiscovery: true
    chapAuthSession: true
    secretRef:
      name: chap-secret
----
where:

`spec.iscsi.chapAuthDiscovery`:: Enables CHAP authentication of iSCSI discovery.
`spec.iscsi.chapAuthSession`:: Enables CHAP authentication of iSCSI session.

> `spec.iscsi.secretRef`:: Specifies the name of Secrets object with user name + password. This `Secret` object must be available in all namespaces that can use the referenced volume.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`spec.iscsi.secretRef.name`:: Specifies the name of Secrets object with user name + password. This `Secret` object must be available in all namespaces that can use the referenced volume.
```

> `spec.iscsi.secretRef.name`:: Specifies the name of Secrets object with user name + password. This `Secret` object must be available in all namespaces that can use the referenced volume.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`spec.iscsi.chapAuthDiscovery`:: When set to `true`, enables CHAP authentication of iSCSI discovery.
`spec.iscsi.chapAuthSession`:: When set to `true`, enables CHAP authentication of iSCSI session.
`spec.iscsi.secretRef.name`:: Specifies the name of `Secret` object with user name + password. This `Secret` object must be available in all namespaces that can use the referenced volume.
```

> `spec.iscsi.secretRef.name`:: Specifies the name of `Secret` object with user name + password. This `Secret` object must be available in all namespaces that can use the referenced volume.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`spec.iscsi.secretRef.name`:: Specifies the name of `Secret` object with user name and password. This `Secret` object must be available in all namespaces that can use the referenced volume.
```
